Now, it is time for
you to take it for a spin as well.
Let's see,
let's go over here into basic practice.
Which is to take this page,
there's a file called basic
practice that will go to the page.
At this point we want to type
something in the input field,
that button is disabled when
there's nothing typed in it,
it is enabled when there
is something typed in it.
The other cool thing, that you can
kinda find out for yourself or
you take my word for it.
Is if you click on a button and
that button is disabled,
it's the same thing as looking for
a element that's not there, right?
So the act of something not doing what
you thought it did is a failure, right?
So add a new item, again your job
basically is to go in here, kick the tires
on this application, it might be helpful
to pull up the application yourself.
And just click on things and
then try to basically write
a set of tests around this.
The kind of exercise that in that way, so
you can kind of get comfortable
with some of these things